what's with the jeans you know what time
it is it's another edition of your mom's
house whose house your mom's house this
is a special edition because there's
only one mommy here it's just me
Tommy mommy christina is back in LA I'm
in the great white north I'm in Calgary
at the moment and I'm just doing a
special your mom's house podcast it's
not gonna be as long as a regular mom
cast cuz that would be weird if I sat
here and and spoke for an hour alone in
a hotel room I guess I wouldn't be that
weird it'd probably like therapy I'm
sort of almost losing my mind but
anyways yeah there's a lot to catch up
on let's see the last time we did a mom
cast it was I think a few weeks ago I
think we talked about getting we did our
New Year's stuff yeah we did we're on
vacation now some things have happened
most recently let's see Christina was in
Toledo I think she's a really good story
about a chola Mexican female who wanted
to shank her but she'll tell that story
next week I was in Vancouver over the
weekend which was great love doing at
that place excuse me
the comedy makes it's great Club and
before that I was in Detroit the comedy
Castle which isn't a castle doesn't even
have a castle theme but the but the the
shows were amazing it's Margaret Lee's
comedy castle if you live in the greater
Detroit area you got to go to that club
but what also happened the Friday of
that week and that's why there's a
special mom cast is I had my Comedy
Central Presents aired and
I didn't get to see it because I was on
stage at the you know at the comedy
castle so what happened was it aired and
I didn't get to see it till a few days
later but I did start getting mail from
people so I thought it would be fun to
read some of the mail I got from people
a lot of hate mail I mean I shouldn't I
should be fair about this
most people that that tweet or something
most of the tweets I got 98% were
positive which is cool but it's pretty
lame to sit here and go hey I'm gonna
read all the positive tweets that I got
from people hey Tom I really enjoyed
your special hey Tom the fuckin you're
one of my new favorite comics hey Tom I
really like to joke about and I'm gonna
do that for a fuckin 39 I don't think so
I'm gonna read the interesting stuff
which is that mail see the difference is
that like people that that light you
might post something on your Facebook
page or on Twitter and you know you can
look that stuff off if you want to do a
search whatever go to my facebook page
or or go on Twitter and just type my
name in the search and you'll see all
the fun things that people write but
people that want you to die they don't
just post that on your Facebook page
they take the time to go to your website
and they write emails actual think about
things put together a thought a
paragraph or six and send that to you so
that you can take in how much they hate
so anyways you know it was a lot of fun
going back and forth between thoughts
here but it was fun to have that
experience not know what was going on
when when the pod were in the pod
when the fucking special was airing
because
I was on stage but I had a lot of you
know nice messages when I got off and
then I started getting some stuff like
this so I'll read you some of these that
I thought were pretty good this is one
of the first messages I got hi Tom I
won't say who it's from by the way but
hi Tom I am up at 3 a.m. and I was
watching Comedy Central trying to escape
this horrible life that has become my
families and then you thought you were
funny my husband is 42 and was diagnosed
with stage 4 throat cancer in July of
2010 the doctors gave him one year but
they gave my mother one year and four
years later she is cancer-free well
that's nice I'm glad okay we have a
daughter and a son
part of my husband's treatment and
requirement for treatment meant that he
had to have all of his teeth removed so
your clip about people with no teeth was
not funny who the fuck doesn't want
their teeth those are her words she
wrote that my husband has a feeding tube
and has not eaten anything in four
months be funny but that wasn't I really
hope you have the guts to answer me back
because I would love to know why you
thought anyone would like to be without
teeth by the way please look into the
cost of implants it may be more than you
can afford and dentures can make you
throw up that's it that's it well I'm
not gonna give out your email address or
your name but listen you dumb bitch what
I'm fucking talking about in in the bit
I can't believe I would even have to
explain somebody this shit is not people
with stage 4 cancer I'm talking about
people that neglect their fucking teeth
that's the whole the bit as if some
people just don't even care and they
don't have teeth and they think it's
okay to walk around like that not
terminally ill people who medically have
to have their teeth removed the fact
that anybody would need that explained
to them
okay let me go to the next one here
let's see oh yeah I just found a
positive one somebody wrote dude that
was hilarious an email see how much fun
that is oh my god this fucking guy this
guy okay
I'm not gonna read this whole thing
because I am not kidding you it is one
two three four five six seven eight
eight paragraphs this son of a bitch
wrote me eight paragraphs do you have
any idea how self-obsessed you have to
be to think that you're like your
thoughts merit eight paragraphs and that
somebody should be so interested in what
you're saying that they would want to
read eight fucking paragraphs about it
Jesus Christ man this guy he's young
I'll give him that
so you know you don't know a lot of shit
when you're young I guess this guy wrote
I'm just gonna give you a little first
he's like to give you some background
here's my name a few years ago I was
immersed into the world of cycling and I
was given the opportunity to learn how
to work with bikes they get good
exercise this came handy
okay hon I'm reading some good stuff
relax
Oh also I am I maintain a 3.9 GPA okay
so you're a show-off you're acting like
you're not but you're yeah beside that
or a volunteer and I work with
lower-income people as well as women
people of color and homos he writes
almost no I didn't think I made that up
he says homosexuals when you started
your joke this is what he writes when
you started your joke about bicyclists
that have
attitudes it amazed me how many people
clapped and shouted well pal the reason
that they clapped and shouted is because
they agree with the line that's that's
why that's why I continued to do the
joke the people are clapping because
they see it the same way I do
that's exactly the opposite reaction
I've been working hard to procure for
the last two years one comment all of my
work is smashed no it's not you dumb
motherfucker it's just a joke let's see
I continued to watch and you said
cyclists are taking up the road there
are points when a person is riding on
their bike and they try to stay as far
right as they can it's no longer
possible anyways he keeps he keeps
fucking it's so much shit that I can't
even like pick out the you know whatever
the highlights he does have one part in
here where he goes I basically he got
hit by a car and in in the in the bit I
if you haven't seen it I basically say
that you know the bed is obviously
geared towards arrogant bike riders like
it's not I can't believe I would have to
actually explain to somebody it's like
to live the lady who was like my husband
has cancer why don't you want him to
live and I'm not talking about all bike
riders first of all it's a joke and
there's you know you make exaggerations
in a joke which I still can't believe
I'm saying that
but secondly it's clearly geared towards
you know like the the percentage of
cyclists that are arrogant which really
is it aren't that many I mean they're
they're just there are some and and then
there you know there's they're not
either way even with an arrogant bike
rider I don't really think you should
kill them do I have to explain that to
people because I've gotten like I can't
believe you want us to you think we
should die I don't really think the
people should kill you on the road with
their vehicles
I mean I would you know I would donate
money to a fund to help defend them if
they were charged with anything but
still I don't I don't advocate it but
this guy was apparently hit by a car
when he was riding his bike he remembers
hitting the ground sliding for what he
estimated 20 feet not that far he
weren't hit that hard I woke up by a
stranger my bag was scattered across the
road and when I was picked up from the
ditch I was apparently too covered in
blood or dirt to make an amateur
diagnosis I sustained let's see several
grad dashes two broken ribs dislocated
patella and how coincidental a ruptured
spleen the reason he says that is
because in the bit I note that the car
can rupture one's spleen that of the
bike rider look kid I didn't write any
to anybody back back to any of these
people but if you're listening which
would probably not happen if you are
sorry you got hit by a truck
you were you were hit by an evil bad
person because it sounds like he was
really gunning for you even said get off
the road you tight wearing faggot as you
that's what you put here in quotation
marks get off the road you tight bearing
faggot not a nice guy I'm sorry that you
got hurt
that you ruptured your spleen I'm sure
that that line in my bit was
particularly unfunny to you but again
you know it's like do you realize I want
to tell everybody that that that feels
the need to reach out to any comic and
tell any comic Amen you know here's one
do you realize that you could actually
get every comic to never do any bit
again if they took into account
everybody's you know gripe about that
actual joke or bit like you could
actually go to a comic pick whoever it
whichever comic you want pick I don't
know a super famous comic Chris Rock or
I don't know David Cross or something
and you could just be like hey this is
why you shouldn't do that there's
somebody who I don't find that you know
not only is that not funny to me but
that's offensive and you should really
reconsider never saying that again and
then every comic would not have an act
like they would just all be done here's
the next one well this is there's
another favorite type of guy this is the
guy of a guy who goes well like he finds
the holes in your joke like how it's not
a hundred percent correct and here he's
gonna explain it to you he goes uh maybe
your bicycle jokes aren't as funny as
you think they are losing your temper
and involuntary steering into another
human being hilarious and then he says
and riding on the sidewalk often illegal
because I note that the person should
get off the road right and get onto the
sidewalk and he gives me links to the
laws about how they shouldn't that you
can't ride your bike on the sidewalk in
in New York or El
well that's really fascinating cuz I
don't fucking care dude like I'm not
trying I'm not running for office I'm
not actually being like here's my stance
on vibrating we need to make change it
like it's just joke fucking but this is
the best one this is the best image this
is the best I got an email from a guy
who wrote dear Tom let me first say that
I appreciate the public personality
didn't know I wasn't okay who at least
appears to accept direct contact with
the public through his website secondly
I would like to say you are a fag you
know what I ride a bike and I ride it
way closer to Alaska than the rest of
the USA in the winter when it's dark out
you know why because people who drive a
car are fags selfish fags who have to
burn the equivalent of an oak tree to
get the loose fag asses to the grocery
store I hope a biker punches you in the
fucking mouth fag you're welcome and he
writes season Prince George British
Columbia PS I dare you to come here I
gotta say this is one guy I did write
back to I did write back to him because
first of all he made me laugh out loud
that was fucking funny and secondly I
was on my way to British Columbia so I
wrote back to him I'm on my way
and then he wrote awesome what do you
drink I shall set a bottle aside and
then
I said beer and that I would be in
Vancouver the next week and I told him I
would give him ticket and he didn't
respond but that dude didn't make me
laugh like he obviously was upset about
it which is fine like you have the right
to be upset but then you know it was it
was just more humorous like it wasn't a
lecture it was just like I think you're
a huge fag which is fine makes me laugh
not the whole but what about I mean if
people start hitting people on bikes
then what the fuck then everybody would
be dead this was just weird I think I
mean it's a nice guy I guess but he goes
hey I go sailing this is an email I go
sailing with people and we have a good
big boat we sail almost every Saturday
and you'd be a blast to take out if you
want to go I mean no I don't want to go
sail sailing with strangers I don't know
dude I appreciate it hmm see if there's
another hate mail I was trying to find
oh then there was a link to a fucking a
bicycling it was all bike right that was
the other thing I want to talk about is
that the basically in in the special I
hit up let's see I talked about
basically here's that here's the amount
of bits that make it to the to the air
it opens with Atlantic City a shit on
Atlantic City pretty hard nobody from
Atlantic City contacted then I talked
about
which I remember then them what aired
pile ISM that doesn't offend anybody gay
people but I don't make fun of gay
people I mean I kind of but not really I
make fun of a type of gay guy right the
super jacked up gym rat gay guy but I
don't like shit on him
so maybe that's why they didn't reach
out to me then I think it goes into oh
then toothless people which I did get
the one completely insane person to
reach out to me then Mexicans
black people and Puerto Ricans get it
and they get it pretty good I mean you
know not it's obviously a joke which is
I'm glad I'm glad they didn't reach out
to me and and and tell me how awful
because it's clearly like they got it
just it shows you that all those people
have a better sense of humor than this
percentage of cyclists then I go into
midgets I really fucking take a shit on
midgets I got to say and it's not fair I
mean it sucks enough that you're a
midget and then you got a turn TV on and
have some fat bearded comic talk about
how much he hates you I mean shit I
would expect a little bit of hate mail
from them but you know what
a couple things first of all midgets
have difficulty typing because their
fingers don't you know hit there they're
not really equipped for keyboards so I
think it's one reason I didn't get an
email from them and then secondly I
think midgets have been around
I think they their life has been being
you know messed with by people who who
are like hey hey little hey little
fucker
you know and a lot of jokes probably
about Santa wears you know how come I
didn't get what I wanted this year and
so they're used to people fucking with
them all the time and so they just
probably didn't you know they don't
respond to everything anything that
somebody says about a midget that
and also probably 40 people watched my
special but anyways the bike riding
thing that even went into forums
I got links to forums on bike riding mmm
like websites where they were like Tom
Segura is a fucking piece of shit and
that was the whole forum now the
interesting thing the whole reason I'm
still talking about this is that
obviously it made me think a lot about
it and I couldn't believe the extent of
the of the messages because I'm not even
reading you all of the other messages I
got there weren't emails but like tweets
and stuff but here's the thing that I
discovered I went to Vancouver over the
weekend I did some shows and this this
woman came up to me after the show and
she was like I really liked you you know
how you kind of give it to people
equally across the board like you shit
on all these people and I was like oh
thanks you know that she was just like
hey I like that she goes no I'm you know
I was a little taken aback for a second
when you did the bike riding and I was
like here we fucking go again
are you serious and she was like yeah
but then when when you I thought about
it I was like what you've made fun of
these all these groups equally so it's
kind of like fair and I was like that's
what it is that's I think what it was
because the majority of the hate that I
got from from the bike riding was from
actually it didn't even make it to the
special that's the thing I fucking
haven't mentioned yet it wasn't even on
television what happened was when Comedy
Central wants to promote the the special
that presents they released clips online
so one of the clips they used was the
bike riding bit which wasn't in they
didn't make it to air well that clip got
a lot more traction than other Clips
because it made it was the season
premiere and Huffington Post picked it
so holy fucking shit
the that's I came I'm fucking I'm not
even thinking clearly if you go to
Huffington Post and you look at the the
comments then you can really see but it
took me almost meeting this woman after
the show to really get clarity on it and
it was like if you see a clip of
stand-up you don't really see it in the
context of the entire act like what the
comics like and you know what they do
they discuss and how you know what their
persona is and and and it really is not
a reflection of the whole act it's kind
of like it's almost like there's a
danger to watching just a clip of
somebody's act so I was thinking about
that I was like yeah like because she
clearly if she had just seen the bike
riding back she would have hated me to
where she was telling me that you know
seeing the whole act live and then
hearing the bit it didn't you know she
was like I was it was funny because I
saw in the context of the whole thing if
you go to you go to The Huffington Post
it turns into like a hole first it's
like hey fuck you you're not funny and
by the way I've always said that I find
it very legitimate when somebody doesn't
find me or anybody funny like you can
never argue with somebody for not
finding you funny okay but then it's
like then it's like hey a fat fuck I
like to see you write about you need to
ride a bike Fat Boy maybe he doesn't
like bike riders because he's too fat
roid I can ride a bike asshole okay I
can fucking ride a bike maybe not like
far but I can ride one and then it turns
into that's nothing I didn't realize I
didn't realize there's a whole like real
battle going on between cyclists and
motorists like that's a real like bike
riders have a real issue with I guess
there are super aggressive motorists out
there and then there are motorists
that's what I'm calling people who drive
motor vehicle motorists
who really if I want to take it so
anyways I guess what I'm trying to say
is this whole experience if anything
highlighted to me a couple things a that
that I touched on an issue that I didn't
realize was a real issue
the whole reason every time some of my
comics I guess sit down and just write
you know in their journal hours a day
and then they find every almost every
bit that I've ever written became
because something happened or I was
thinking a lot about something and then
I wrote right it's not like a meticulous
six-hour process the bike riding bit if
you want to hear it it's best the actual
the clip on Comedy Central isn't the
full bit the full bit is actually if you
if you're on my if you have my CD it's
it's two tracks it's I think its called
aggressive bike bicyclists and my thing
they're back to back those that's the
actual full but the whole bit came from
a real incident like and I didn't kill a
guy the reason I wrote the bit was I was
driving on 6th Street taking a right on
Park View it's it's Westlake Los Angeles
near down to now Westlake Village West
Lake which is basically between rampart
and Alvarado ok
driving on 6th Street heading east I'm
gonna take a ride on Park View now you
know sometimes if you're in your car and
like you can say you're starting to take
a right right on the street so you come
to a stop because someone's crossing so
then you're completely stopped now
there's a moment when when you're about
to go again you'll turn you'll turn your
head right and left but there's still a
blind spot and and so you can't see it's
out of your peripheral right and you
can't see it even if you turn your head
so I started I saw there's no one coming
I started to go and as I'm starting to
like to release the brake a bike comes
into view
but like full speed like he wasn't like
slow he was so basically what happened
was a guy was heading east as I was saw
that I was at
please stop probably as you know you can
tell when you're walking or biking like
oh this guy probably doesn't see me
right now
but he decided to go right through
anyway so anyways of course a slammer
might break my luckily wasn't going fast
and then what he did was he took his
left foot off his bike and he kicked my
car right so I was like a motherfucker
this guy because it scared me obviously
because I didn't want to kill it I mean
I wanted to kill him but I didn't you
know so anyways after he did that I
wanted to and then I just had the the
whatever the idea the thought of an
aggressive bicyclist and I've had a
couple in LA I mean you're bound to I've
had guys yell like they you know you're
driving and they're yelling at you from
their bike I do why what the fuck are
you yelling at me for like I'm not doing
anything when I'm driving on the road so
anyways that's where it came from
the the idea for it I forget why we even
bring this up now this is too much time
on this sorry
if you're bored whatever so anyways that
being said I know there's a lot of focus
on the negative let's talk about the
positive I did get a lot of cool
feedback and some cool stuff has
happened one of which I can't talk about
but I also have some new dates coming up
this coming weekend this coming weekend
no well yeah this could we kill him in
Calgary and I'm up here early because I
love snow and cold following weekend
will be at cobs with the other mommy
with Christina we're gonna do February
13th and 14th Valentine's Day when love
happens Monday the 14th at cobs as well
as sunday the 13th mcoms of course is in
San Francisco great city great club
aggressive bye
sickle riders hopefully they'll come out
and try to fucking Lynch me with their
cocks what else is going on I do have
some stuff there that's it coming up
next month I feel like yeah this is too
long this is already long enough this is
30 minutes it's a short mom cast I
wanted to share stuff vent stuff I do
want to say thank you though to
everybody who was very positive which is
mouse to you emails and tweets and
Facebook stuff that's really cool we
will do a United reunited mom cast next
maybe next Monday or Tuesday
they'd be like the 7th or 8th I'll try
to get that up right away and what else
is there I think that's pretty much it
I'm in Calgary it's cold
Egypt is falling apart not falling apart
but I mean I think Mubarak's got to go
who's with me I would join the protest
that's a long enough pal 30 years yeah
it's not really working and that's that
I love you all be the mommy be her I
will talk to you later bye bye